Add information about navigation subscription buttons (#114)
smartdevicelink/sdl_app_library_guides: docs/Video Streaming for Navigation Apps/Introduction/index.md

!!!

## Keyboard Input
To present a keyboard (such as for searching for navigation destinations), you should use the @![iOS]`SDLScreenManager`!@@![android]`ScreenManager`!@'s keyboard presentation feature. For more information, see the [Popup Menus and Keyboards](Displaying a User Interface/Popup Menus and Keyboards) guide.

## Navigation Subscription Buttons

> Some head units running SDL Core 6.0+ support subscription buttons designed for the navigation template (which displays your video stream). It is important to support these subscription buttons especially on head units that don't support touch input, because the head unit may support these buttons as hard buttons and it will be difficult to support these features without supporting these buttons. See [Subscribing to System Buttons](Displaying a User Interface/Subscribing to System Buttons) for a list of these navigation buttons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Head units running SDL Core v.6.0+ may support navigation-specific subscription buttons for the navigation template. These subscription buttons allow your user to manipulate the map using hard buttons located on car's center console or steering wheel. It is important to support these subscription buttons in order to provide your user with the expected in-car navigation user experience. This is especially true on head units that don't support touch input as there will be no other way for your user to manipulate the map. See [Subscribing to System Buttons](Displaying a User Interface/Subscribing to System Buttons) for a list of these navigation buttons.
```
